Description of problem:
I have an IBM T-40P (older notebook) that has an ATI Mobility Fire GL 9100 graphics hardware. It is attached via the VGA output to a monitor that supports PNP and has a native VGA resolution of 1920x1080.

I have run fedora 18..22 on it, and I am currently running Fedora 22 (x86) LXDE.
Over the last week I did a software update. Now the maximum resolution I can specify on the VGA output has been reduced to 1024x768. I verified this was the highest resolution mode using xrandr.

I am not sure what the previous resolution was, but it was significantly higher. I have had to reduce the font size, and the computer is far less useful running at a low resolution.

The computer dual boots with windows xp, and with windows xp I can run the monitor successfully at 1400x1050 (It is an old driver that doesn't support a lot of video resolutions). 

I suspect there was a video driver update or something video related that reduced the resolution.

Version-Release number of selected component (if applicable):
Fedora 22 x86 LXDE, all updates as of june-20-2015, running 4.0.5 kernel.

How reproducible:
100%

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Install Fedora 22, run updates
2. get low resolution graphics, and cry
3.

Actual results:
low resolution graphics

Expected results:
high resolution graphics

Additional info:
can you boot with drm.debug=6 and attach the dmesg?
How do I add those boot parameters?
Created attachment 1041557
dmesg with drm.debug=6

Here is the output of dmesg
can you get one of those for an older kernel as well?

it appears we are failing to get EDID from the monitor on that card now.
It would not be easy to get the info for an older kernel.
The machine is in use 24x7 and it is not trivial for me to reload an os.
Is it possible to do it from a fedora live cd, without installing the os?

I can't say that the EDID used to work from the monitor, but I have made no changes to the wiring or the monitor for about a year, and it used to work fine and yield reasonably high resolution. I suspect this is a software issue.
I just realized that I changed the main vga cable that attaches to my kvm switch a few weeks ago. I have the old cable, and I could sawp it back in.

I did boot up another computer connected to the kvm switch via vga.
It is running mageia-4, and it detected my monitor, correctly as a benq bl3200.
I don't know a whole lot about EDID, but I presume it is reasonably good news
that the monitor gets correctly identified.
I swapped the main vga cable, and I can now run the monitor at a reasonable resolution. It must of been the EDID info not getting through the substandard cable.

Thanks a bunch, case closed.
